README.md, before:

## Work Day Scheduler

## Description
Work Day Scheduler allows users to add items to a time block between 12am and 11pm as a daily planner. Users are able to refresh the page and still see their current plan, as well as have an accurate calender that shows the month, year, and date as well as the time. 


## Visuals
Depending on what you are making, it can be a good idea to include screenshots or even a video (you'll frequently see GIFs rather than actual videos). Tools like ttygif can help, but check out Asciinema for a more sophisticated method.

## Installation
This application does not require any downloading whatsoever to run. A user will simply click on the time block, enter some text, and hit the save button. The application should reset every day to create a new, clean sheet to plan. 


## Support
If there are any problems with the code, such as something showing up wrong, not showing up at all, text not saving or appearing after a refresh, feel free to contact me at LeesaM95 on GitHub, leesamarie95@gmail.com, or the GitHub forum.

## Roadmap
Some things I'd like to work on in the future is streamlining the design of the enter site, splitting the time into two columns, as well as setting up a tab system that will allow a user to plan an entire week with ease. I'd also like to add a Dark Mode with alternate colors for those who find the light colors of the application headache-inducing. 

## Contributing
I'm more than open to having contributers join in and make positive changes to streamline the code. I'm willing to accept:

1) Code condensing, including, but not limited to - Javascript changes, html changes.
2) Code enhancements, including the additions of better functions and changes to the planner that implements what's in the roadmap section.
3) Bug fixes (especially in the javascript coding). 

To better understand what's going on with the code, I definitely suggest console logging specific items, such as User Input, the addPlan function, the setColor function, and the pullSchedule function. I would also make sure to check under the Application section of the inspect element to double check if items are saving to local storage in order to get a better sense of how everything is being saved. 

## Authors and acknowledgment
I'd like to thank my instructors, Shawn and John, for being patient with me and walking me through some of the more complex parts of the script code so I understood what I was doing, my tutor Bobbi for encouraging me to think critically and figure out my own problems, only stepping in when I was completely lost, and all of my classmates who, even though they were just as lost as I was, still managed to give me pointers on what path I should take and how. 

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 LeesaM95

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

## Project Status
This project is still ongoing, albeit slowly. I would love to implement the features described in #Roadmap, however with my time constrictions, that will have to wait until I have a little more time and knowledge under my belt.

Commit message:

added gif and web link to readme

README.md, after:

## Work Day Scheduler

## Description
Work Day Scheduler allows users to add items to a time block between 12am and 11pm as a daily planner. Users are able to refresh the page and still see their current plan, as well as have an accurate calender that shows the month, year, and date as well as the time. 


## Visuals
GIF of Website:
![Moving Image of Scheduling Website](/Assets/media/work-scheduler-vid-ezgif.com-crop.gif)
Website Link:
https://leesam95.github.io/Work-Day-Scheduler/

## Installation
This application does not require any downloading whatsoever to run. A user will simply click on the time block, enter some text, and hit the save button. The application should reset every day to create a new, clean sheet to plan. 


## Support
If there are any problems with the code, such as something showing up wrong, not showing up at all, text not saving or appearing after a refresh, feel free to contact me at LeesaM95 on GitHub, leesamarie95@gmail.com, or the GitHub forum.

## Roadmap
Some things I'd like to work on in the future is streamlining the design of the enter site, splitting the time into two columns, as well as setting up a tab system that will allow a user to plan an entire week with ease. I'd also like to add a Dark Mode with alternate colors for those who find the light colors of the application headache-inducing. 

## Contributing
I'm more than open to having contributers join in and make positive changes to streamline the code. I'm willing to accept:

1) Code condensing, including, but not limited to - Javascript changes, html changes.
2) Code enhancements, including the additions of better functions and changes to the planner that implements what's in the roadmap section.
3) Bug fixes (especially in the javascript coding). 

To better understand what's going on with the code, I definitely suggest console logging specific items, such as User Input, the addPlan function, the setColor function, and the pullSchedule function. I would also make sure to check under the Application section of the inspect element to double check if items are saving to local storage in order to get a better sense of how everything is being saved. 

## Authors and acknowledgment
I'd like to thank my instructors, Shawn and John, for being patient with me and walking me through some of the more complex parts of the script code so I understood what I was doing, my tutor Bobbi for encouraging me to think critically and figure out my own problems, only stepping in when I was completely lost, and all of my classmates who, even though they were just as lost as I was, still managed to give me pointers on what path I should take and how. 

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 LeesaM95

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

## Project Status
This project is still ongoing, albeit slowly. I would love to implement the features described in #Roadmap, however with my time constrictions, that will have to wait until I have a little more time and knowledge under my belt.
